clean up private argument handling (#17)
mgedmin/ghcloneall: README.rst

                            (default)
      --include-archived    include archived repositories
      --exclude-archived    exclude archived repositories (default)

>       --include-private     include private repositories, requires a github token (default)

Reviewer: How about 

```suggestion
      --include-private     include private repositories (default when a github token is provided)
```

instead?  Your suggestion makes me think a github token is always required, unless you explicitly --exclude-private.
